Add list of breaking changes (#10445)
archesproject/arches: releases/7.5.0.md

```

### Breaking changes

> - If your project has its own Django models with custom save methods, you may need to modify them to ensure your fields are properly set using `update_fields`. See the [Django release notes]('https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.2/releases/4.2/#setting-update-fields-in-model-save-may-now-be-required') for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If your project has its own Django models with custom save methods, you may need to modify them to ensure your fields are properly set using `update_fields`. See the [Django release notes](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.2/releases/4.2/#setting-update-fields-in-model-save-may-now-be-required) for details.
```
